feat: added details about overlapping annotations and response (#94)
popsim-consortium/analysis2_manuscript: analysis2_manuscript.tex

    %IG: I moved this label to the newly added methods section --> \revpoint{1}{5}
    Each \texttt{Annotation} object represents a collection of functional
    genomic elements (e.g., exons, introns, intergenic regions, etc.)
    whose coordinates are specified using a GFF3 annotation file. 
    For the purposes of \stdpopsim, we do not allow for overlapping annotations -- 

>     genomic elements of the given annotation being modeled (e.g., CDS) are prioritized over overlapping annotations of other types (e.g., exons)

Reviewer: I don't understand what this line means?

Reviewer: Ah - I think this is what you are trying to say?
<img width="1080" height="287" alt="Screenshot From 2025-07-29 15-34-53" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/88ece70c-9ea9-4683-8d6f-d5400d79a7bc" />

>     whose coordinates are specified using a GFF3 annotation file. 
>     For the purposes of \stdpopsim, we do not allow for overlapping annotations -- 
>     genomic elements of the given annotation being modeled (e.g., CDS) are prioritized over overlapping annotations of other types (e.g., exons)
>     and we do not currently support multiple overlapping annotations of different types. \revpoint{2}{1}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    whose coordinates are specified using a GFF3 annotation file. 
    For the purposes of \stdpopsim, we do not allow for overlapping annotations -- 
    any interval covered by an annotation that is added to a given contig
    is removed from any previously-added annotations. \revpoint{2}{1}
```
